---
title: Explained - why you should visit Japan (by a Japanese guy)
excerpt: For a period of 214 years, relations and trade between Japan and other countries was strictly limited, and nearly all foreign nationals were banned from entering Japan. Japanese people were also kept from leaving the country. As a result, Japanese people had enough time to modernize their own culture.
coverImage: /assets/explained-why-you-should-visit-japan/cover.webp
date: "2022-01-22"
tags: [travel]
---

Japan has a unique history and culture. One of the reasons why Japan is so unique is that from 1639 to 1853, Japan was still isolated from nearly all other countries. This is known as "sakoku", or isolationist foreign policy. For a period of 214 years, relations and trade between Japan and other countries was strictly limited, and nearly all foreign nationals were banned from entering Japan. Japanese people were also kept from leaving the country. As a result, Japanese people had enough time to modernize their own culture. Although the policy finished in 1853, Japan was still not popular with tourists until a few decades ago. In fact, there are still many things about Japan which are unknown to foreigners. On the other hand, the number of tourists has gradually increasing for years. Statistically, the number of tourists in 2019 is 31.88 million and about three times as that in 2011. Why is Japan getting popular among the tourists? 

Japan has a lot of wonderful places for sightseeing and each city in Japan offers so many different experiences that attract tourists. For instance, Kyoto is the cultural city and a major tourist destination of Japan. There are numerous Buddhist temples, Shinto shrines, and Zen gardens, many of which are registered by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. In Kyoto, many tourists enjoy the kimono, which is traditional Japanese garment. It makes us feel at peace and it must be a great opportunity for tourists to try one on. The city was saved from destruction during World War II, therefore many examples of Kyoto’s cultural architecture are still remaining. On the other hand unfortunately, as you know Hiroshima was not spared from the large scale destruction of the war. Hiroshima is currently the most important city to commemorate the bombing for the world. The Hiroshima Peace Memorial which is commonly called “The Atomic Bomb Dome” offers so many feelings and experiences. Finally, Tokyo should be described. Tokyo is one of the largest economic power cities in the world. Therefore, you can not only see many skyscrapers and amazing public transportation, but also you could easily understand that many Japanese traditions are still remaining there. This blend of modernism and tradition might be the strongest characteristic of Tokyo. Moreover, Tokyo has been ranked the world’s safest city for three years running, followed by Singapore and Osaka, according to the latest report by the Economist Intelligence Unit. I am sure that you would enjoy traveling without any anxiety about safety, and you could also have lot of assistance from local people. In this context, sightseeing is one of the reasons why tourists are nowadays visiting Japan.

In conclusion, Japan has many things that attract tourists, even just aspects of sightseeing. In fact, there are still other reasons why tourists are nowadays visiting Japan. I predict that Japanese tourism will continue to grow, and Japan will be in the top 10 famous tourist destinations in the world very soon. Is it difficult to visit Japan because Japan is made up of small islands and is isolated? It might be true, but that is why Japanese people have been creating their own culture. Japan offers many unique experiences that you would not find in any other part of the world. I hope you will visit Japan at least once after this pandemic.
